Streamline quick start guide (#1383)
argoproj-labs/hera: docs/walk-through/quick-start.md

# Quick Start

## Install Hera

[![Pypi](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/hera.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/hera)

> Hera is available on PyPi as the `hera` package. Add this dependency to your project with your favourite package
> manager, e.g. [pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/tool-recommendations/#installing-packages) or [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/), or install directly with

Reviewer: I'm not sure the intent here -- pip is listed as a package manager, which I don't think it is, and then it's listed again under "or install directly". Perhaps this instead?

```suggestion
Hera is available on PyPi as the `hera` package. Add this dependency to your project with your favourite package
manager, e.g. [setuptools](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/writing-pyproject-toml/#dependencies-and-requirements), [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/concepts/projects/dependencies/) or [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/), or install directly with
```
